DonimiTA
Nuclemonis
against the
any audible manifestations of approval or disapproval at any time.
Just before we meet us,
Council Jenkins had concluded his 10 minutes of questioning.
So, Councilor Welch, I think that's it.
And so we start now with,
Council Jenkins, if he has any questions, that's it.
Mr. Chairman, I may make 30 seconds to make one reason off.
I was talking to
the Council's Secretary of thinking
and he said that he was sending over a letter by hand
in regard to the situation.
I answered to Senator Coffee to Mr. Welch,
to Coffee to the Chair.
And the statement comes, I'd like to read it number one.
Number two, Mr. Chairman, unless there's some bigger subjection
on the part of the members of the regular investigating committee,
I would like to call a meeting of our investigating committee
down in room 357,
immediately after the adjournment here
to hire and out a number of things that have arisen,
which I'd rather talk about in executive session.
I would like to have a portion of Jenkins
and presently share to the panelists.
Let me take this slide.
Chair, now is the call.
We may be discussing if he wasn't special in investigating committee
and if he wasn't special in any way,
then we shall try to adjourn his promptly
around the other five in front of the camp.
Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Chairman, I have no further questions.
The chair feels that out of these hearings,
there is a good possibility that something constructives can come
in the nature of a better relationship
and a better understanding of the functions,
the appropriate functions,
about the executive and legislative branches of government
in these particularly difficult problems of committee investigations
and the safeguarding against a global manor-like communist.
A lot of reason he is going to interrogate Mr. Cohn at this time
in that connection somewhat
and to make a brief statement,
growing out of the fact that the hiss case
has been mentioned for many times by so many of the committee members
and witnesses during the hearings.
In his mention as the chair served as acting chairman
of the House Committee on Un-American Activities
at the time we had the hiss case before,
it seems that it might be appropriate to have the truth
back to that connection in the record,
that case in the record.
It is true that a young security officer communicated with me
and came to my office after midnight in the new House Office building
and brought me from the materials
and from the security files of the State Department
in violation of the presidential directive,
a directive issued by President Schumer incidentally
as he was working on the hiss case
to stop just from having access to certain files
which we had previously been able to explore.
This young man dropped some information
which enabled us to go on with the case,
with the realization and assurance that we had information available
if we could prove.
We could not use the material he dropped
because he took it back to the files
but he gave us the assurance that the critical juncture
that for what is in fact
golden them down a hill.
It was simply a question of digging it out to the hard way.
Primarily however the chair wants to call attention to the
development of the case
because we had some understanding
and others doing the hearings
and very interesting discussions of what might be
in appropriate ways for the government employees
to contact his Congresswoman of Senator
if he felt there was dishonesty or disloyalty
that he should be slow.
In connection with the hiss case
this information had been made available to the FBI
by what he could change.
The FBI as it all was done quickly
and effectively transmitted that information
to the Secretary of State
but nothing was done about hours of hiss at that juncture.
If a change was led
it communicated information to Mr. Adolf Bowie
who was an M-Bloy in the State Department.
Mr. Adolf Bowie took the information to the White House
and gave it directly to President Roosevelt
who was then President of the United States President.
President Truman,
President Roosevelt, I beg your pardon,
Roosevelt.
I think he was already on the phone before that.
He had done that.
We give you the back down now.
There is no information that was ever brought
direct to President Truman's attention.
If it was after that
that the information was made available
to the House Committee on Unemergent Activities.
I point that out to point out that in this discussion
which I hope can dissolve,
evolve around policies and principles
and not personalities
that can fight with something very genuine and very real.
Just where it does the interest of the public law
just what are the responsibilities of people in government
or out of government
as the young officers in the State Department
as in the case of pretty-to-change.
We had information which we all now know
dealt with one of the most notorious spies in American history
out of your history.
In the federal telepensary now totally because
things were done in violation of an executive order.
Now I want to ask a question of Mr. Cohn in that connection.
Is it not entirely possible in your opinion, Mr. Cohn?
For executive's effect,
understandably, to be reluctant to have disclosures
made in public about the fantasy of this loyalty
within the executive branch
and isn't it entirely possible that we reluctance can be manifest
without there being any desire either to encourage communism
this loyalty or his honor?
It's not entirely possible that it's happened that way
I think on many more than one occasion.
I think so. It seems to me that you do not automatically assume
that those who have a reluctance to have this thing brought up in public
are necessarily desirous,
so continuing to such a bad state of effect.
Is it not also possible for an alert
congressional investigating committees
to try to figure out and disclose an eliminate dishonesty and disloyal
without being guilty of attempting to encroach
upon the affairs of the executive agency?
The head case, the running case, the lost child case
and for that question in the affirmative, yes sir?
And do you not feel that we can learn through our mistakes
through the examples of history
to develop a cooperative formula whereby
people interested in the common good,
what is the executive agency or the congressional committee
instead of competing and conflicting against the justice
can cooperate in an effort to eliminate every last
and still of disloyalty and dishonesty in this great government of ours?
Absolutely sir, there should be no conflict of interest whatsoever.
Each has its particular place
and all certainly from our level should work together.
This is nothing new in the history of government,
even in this country for a wrong.
I think it appeared in hell and the great way
worked to fix for one time who said
if our could be to die country's face
which happily for knowing may avoid,
or speak that goes back along not
in the history of human effect.
And it seems to me that you and Mr. Adams,
President McCarthy and Secretary Stevens for a while,
were working on a more commendable effort to cooperate together
in the common good when you agree that during the early stages
of your Port Mademois investigation you were at least pioneering
in an experiment of cooperation which had its continues
could have brought great good to the American people.
Yes sir.
Unhappily it did not continue.
One of the problems we have in this committee is to find out what.
One side there did not continue because it's the shine.
One side there did not continue because of the
loyal divorce investigation.
Maybe we can determine whether either one of those
or both of those are part of both,
are involved in this.
But I hope if there's not discrepancy,
there's a continuation on the part of executive agencies
and conditional committees to try to walk down the same road together.
To eliminate this dishonest,
to eliminate this is loyal because we have had too much
of late to seem to me of quick criticism of each other.
And not enough of our good, dirty American efforts to work together
against evil which all good Americans have worked.
So while this experiment is within you and the Army
will engage for a while, I'm happily told that.
It was Mr. Welk, pointed out,
and created this unhappy situation which we now find there.
I hope that out of these hearings, out of these discussions,
out of this firmest effort to get us a truth,
we can recommend some proposals and suggestions and formulas
for working together instead of constantly pulling apart.
Is there anything in your experience, Mr. Kohnen,
happy as the event you are at the finally beginning,
which leads you to believe that it's still possible
to work out a arrangement such as your attempt
which might, in the future, happily continue
to use successful culmination.
No, sir, in the case of the government printing office
investigation, such an arrangement was worked out,
was carried into effect,
and into completion, to completion,
and there was a more happy result for everybody in fact.
They had another investigation too, Mr. Kohnen.
And we, sir, have been through with certain departments
and certain agencies.
Now, seeking a matter about this...
a matter of employees in the sometimes class.
So the chair and the chair and the chair directly
that where you have an individual who has been classified
or clerked for classified material,
that in those instances, the defense,
plan, and or the army, can remove the opinions.
But in the instances where you have security,
you have to in the defense,
in the defense plan, to do not have classified
as clerked, is impossible to do so
because of union restrictions and other informants.
That's certainly the assumption
for the defense department's letter,
it's not a month, and I would say that there's a lot...
A lot of actors be in the letter,
there are some things which have not been born out
in the course of the investigation to the committee.
It is true, sir, that the defense department
has certain control over employees who work
on classified material because of control,
the letter and not they should be given clearance.
They can withdraw that clearance,
because it is missing them from that time.
But yeah, except for the senator,
my... that's the same idea in qualified statement,
I believe, might be wrong.
That's not correct, though,
because we found one major defense plan in the country.
I think it was a general electric plan that's connected to it,
where the defense department had surrendered its right
to give clearance to its upflow confidential
and have turned that over to the private company,
and said, you give clearance, you give confidence
and restricut in confidential clearance.
I don't think the private company wanted to give those clearance
to say, I think, sir, that's...
people, some people in the private company felt
that was the obligation of the defense department,
but nevertheless, that was given to the private company.
And not part of our big problem in defense plan,
the fact that they drink many security drinks,
wealth, their way into the defense plan,
or services, without the necessity of getting a classified clearance,
but where they have contact with the people
who have the classified clearance
and some civilization become conveyor belt,
our security information direct to much thought.
Absolutely, Senator Martin,
if I make it one example on that point,
if you have a time you're not working on non-clairified information,
that can be just as dangerous as a communist working on classified information.
That, for instance, engines and things that go into air planes
and ships might not be classified,
if you have a time you're not working on those, that's just as bad.
The second point is that in a month with these hits,
there are people, just as you pointed out here,
who might have a security clearance was drawn,
but they still work in the plan.
They have a close relationship with people who do have security clearance,
and in a number of cases we found up in some of these wall plants in Upstate New York,
Communists, active leading members of the communist conspiracy
who did not have security clearances
where the forces in the union
of people who did have security clearance.
They had to write to send for the union members,
and in connection with the grievance procedure,
get the union members who did have security clearance
to give them all the details about the types of secret classified works
to union members who are likely to be sure to get in one of the questions
during my ten minutes.
And I like to just straighten up my memory on this point,
but if my memory is correct,
it's the last public hearing held by our commitment.
Before we became involved in the present country,
did we or did we not have a witness who under-owned testified
that in order for him to get a job in a defense plant,
he had to join the communist party and the communist youth.
That's what I thought I heard him say that,
but I am not sure.
Senator Douglas, exactly the touch of the testimony he gave.
He said, I believe his name was Peter Craig,
and he said that one of the reasons he joined the communist party was
to get into the union and get this job in a defense plant.
I thought I remembered that,
but I have told it once it writes to people that sound is so shocking
when I heard myself say it,
it sounded so unbelievable to the people who whom I said it.
I wanted to have that confirmed to be sure that that wasn't situated.
It is, and you have one final question.
It seems to me there is no great conflict between our experience in defense plants.
As you related it, the difficulty of getting people out of union
to the communist control and compiling them to move out of a defense plant,
and the letter with Senator Simonton read from the Panaghan Building,
I think, from the Secretary of Defense, in which he pointed out
what could be done from the standpoint of classified points,
but that in no way affects what cannot be done,
concerning that vast number of people not working with classified clearly,
but having contacts to the people who do,
as a perfect taken of it, Senator.
Perfect.
Senator, my time is expired.
Mr. Senator, let's inform our way down the stand as the problem is,
will respect the getting information that may be classified as secret,
do we all eat on the stand as the problem of the fault
as with the executive's plans to the government?
I don't get the reference to that Senator Simonton.
Well, there's been a lot of study in the last few minutes
about the classified documents in how it's properly taken
in violation of executive orders and gives them out.
I just want that to be clear, if it wouldn't all be clear to us,
if the president and the guest was both the executive officer,
would not settle a violation, let's accommodate what ever it wants.
Would that be an issue?
That would certainly be one.
I don't think so in my level on the advocacy of my public health.
That's the issue.
Let's start off by now, now that's the way we want to go.
I think yes.
As far as it ended, these reasons are that these ahead of the administration,
the same way they're both pending orders, the right citizen that will settle a regular.
You're entitled to an answer on that at my...
I want to give it to you at my opinion.
My only opinion, sir, is that the directive for fitting Congress
to have loyalty and security information should be revolved.
Yes, sir.
That is the real problem, that's the real problem.
That is a major problem.
Otherwise, if you had that order, it would both, and the law prohibits it,
rather than the song, it should get whatever it wants,
and that it has in somebody by the law, by the law,
it's a directive order to give it to us.
I don't say there are other ways, but I do fully agree with you,
that that directive presents a major obstacle in a major...
That is what I said, that there's to a goal,
that that is the issue that needs to be settled.
It's an important one, you're absolutely right.
There are important.
Although there may be different opinions about it.
The first conflict between the legislative branch and the executive branch
in my opinion will continue until it is settled.
I want to ask you now, a request, please.
Yes, sir.
The point I wanted to make about that is guilt.
That was the way to settle it.
This administration has the responsibility of this government.
They're in awful.
They have the authority, they have the majority, both in the Congress.
They have the responsibility of an executive branch,
and the business conflict is here, that I have to be resolved,
or remain un-resolved by responsibility, as old as you are now in power.
This is the directive, of course, was promulgated under the last administration.
It is still an effect to a certain degree,
and whether or not it should be completely not upholding the last administration
and defending it at all.
I've lost some disobedience, I think you know that.
Yes, sir.
Now let's get back to your thoughts, please.
Yes, we were all in number 19, and the word that I had referenced to when we concluded
while ago was that a sensible purpose.
God met their atoms who were appointed for our state as in that paragraph.
We have stopped, we have now maintained, and still maintained,
and rules have stopped with the principle purpose of their department's guilt.
And I use your code.
The handle of the committee?
Yes, sir, we would call that by Mr. Allen, and I think you know what do you mean by the word handle?
Did you mean to cast some assertion on his purpose by the word handle?
No, sir, it was Mr. Allen's, I think, what put in there on the theory that he would be able to work things out with this committee.
Did you mean by that to him properly influenced the committee?
So I don't know if there was an implication of impropriety.
That's what it implied to me when you put the handle in full occasion.
Yes, sir.
Did you mean to him properly influenced the committee?
I meant, sir, that's the case Mr. Allen told us after he was appointed.
That's the principle purpose for him being put in the job, why is the handle for committee?
Now, you mean, handle the committee or handle that committee works?
I think all you have is liaison also, all the time, to work for sure and effective,
and what occurred to me is that that was the nature of his appointment.
No, sir.
It was not.
You think we have a regulatory liaison, General Pann?
Well, I understand if there's a regular liaison, that's right.
But I mean, this is especially his armwork that he was to be engaged in.
Yes, sir.
Glad he demeaned you implied by the word handling that it was unduly or improperly influenced the committee.
That was the principle purpose of his appointment.
Well, sir, without characterizing, I think it became clear if he was appointed.
I'm going to ask him if he's characterized what you said.
I will know what you meant by.
I meant by a sir, what Mr. Allen told us.
Well, what did you tell you?
He told us, sir, that's the principle purpose of his appointment was to handle the committee.
What do you understand he meant by Allen?
How do you interpret it?
I interpret it in the light of Mr. Allen's later actions, Senator McCrawling.
What do I do use them, property influence?
Which was to try to work out an arrangement whereby we would stop our investigation of the Army and stop holding here?
But he told us that it was involved with him.
Well, we said it was.
We didn't do it, sir.
I didn't ask you what you did.
I said you thought it was improperly influenced and you thought it was important to that purpose?
Certainly, it could be not the reason you used the word handle.
Yes, it could be used to.
Certainly, it could be considered as being a professor yet.
Of course, it can be and it was so consumed by you, wasn't it?
So I was around.
Well, sir, I talked to the series.
Now, there is no doubt in the world.
Yes, Mr. Allen was right.
So, I wanted to say what's not the investigation.
No doubt.
If it was used in that sense and you inducted it in that sense, then I won't be accepted in that sense.
Yes, all is always a flexible.
Yes.
All right. Now, let's go to number 21.
Now, it's full.
From that time, here's full.
And I assume that time, here's full.
It refers back to September 28, 1953, does it?
Yes, sir. All the way only saw him briefly on that day.
I would say he really got down to business.
That was...
Can you see Mr. Allen's own September 28, 1922?
I believe I did.
I thought you told me you first met him on October 2nd.
No, I believe that as I said it five previously.
He came before he was actually in the job.
He came over here into this.
You have met him in the go-off, October 2nd, and then I assume.
Yes, sir. I believe I met him.
I think you testified to that.
You liked it, right?
I think you did.
I'm not very confused.
I'm going to...
An affair, five.
Yes, my recollection is that I met him for the first time in the world.
It's up to her over there on the morning of September 28th.
Very, very briefly.
I came to know him at the beginning of October up in New York.
Well, what about those?
Would you...
Would that's what you desire for your future?
Just trust them on their same corrective taste?
So, September 28th is being the first date.
Now, from that time, here's for it.
And repeated instances both personally and telephonicly,
but the atoms attempted to interfere with the investigation of commoners
in the location into the army.
You say from that time in spores that he should be immediately there to interfere?
He began, sir, the...
I think it was the first week in October up in New York, he...
Well, on the first week in October,
would be the next week following this date, wouldn't it?
Yes, it would be the next week.
So, within a week, he began to interfere.
About a week.
And this, as the...
began to interfere,
repeated at repeated instances.
More active, from the time he began in the first week and up over
your testimony is,
and your charge is here that he continuously
over other repeated instances there after both personally and by telephone
on the proof you had appeared,
with the committee investigating commoners in filtration in the army.
Get it.
In your next sentence,
Mr. Adams, early attempts to end the hearings.
No, that's his early attempts, was I assume, when...
Early off-sover that you're referring to, is that correct?
You're correct, sir.
Adams early attempts to end the hearings,
were carried out by his using every effort
to ingracing himself personally
with the sub-committed personnel.
I'd included you, did it?
Yes, sir.
And then, appealing to them as a personal favor to halt hearings,
so that he would be secure in his new post.
Yes, sir.
Did he start out doing that with you immediately?
Very close to the beginning, sir.
The heart closed.
It was the first week in October, I believe,
when he was up in New York, first week in October.
Does that not make you suspicious, Adam?
Yes, sir.
And from what two-beledgeers in on-set supply news,
you say suspicious.
I could go beyond suspicion.
It was clear to me that he did not want us to continue the investigation.
It's a continuing hearing.
All right.
You've all got it involved.
And you've been able to take that out of you?
I can't say, sir, that I thought that was improper.
Or you did?
Well, I thought this was a improper Sunday.
Well, sir, he had just been appointed to this job amidst his even.
And he did.
All right.
He takes a position and he wanted you to do that so that he would be secure in his new post.
I do.
Did you?
Yes, he did.
He told us that if some way could be worked,
if he could be the one responsible for working out some way of getting us to let Mr. Seaman
through the job himself and get the committee out of the picture.
You know, he asked you about the impression that there's a principal purpose,
which is important.
And to work out something like that, the handle or influence of the committee to get that stuff.
Yes, that's what you're referring to, you did not.
That is right, sir.
And you knew that would be improper, didn't you?
Well, there are admitted to do it.
He was trying to get us out of the thing.
No, what is trying?
You've been trying to continue and be improper for you to do it.
I certainly knew that we were being proper for us to do it.
It was not my decision, but I reason you refused.
Well, the chair, I do add everything to do about that.
The chairman is the one who refused.
I...
Well, all right, I'll put that I say you.
I mean, yet the refusal was because it was improper.
Because we did not feel it was wrong.
And you didn't say it was improper.
That's a hundred times.
I understand.
Mr. Colm,
you stated on me the press on March 14th in an answer to Mr. Jack Bell.
You have that before you.
At no time, did you ever request or even suggest that Shine V released from K.P.
or any other unpleasant duty is that the answer goes through.
I don't want to ask you where that sentence is.
I don't have to look it out.
Do you want to ask me?
I have to translate this one.
Yeah.
I don't have your best.
Do I have an extra confidence?
I have.
I have one, I'll let's do it.
Yes sir.
I think it's very clear.
That's very clear and I have...
Let me repeat it now so we go back.
You don't even have to send it.
A lot of time.
I don't want to ask you under oath, Mr. Colm.
Did you or did you not?
Not ever request of any artificial good Shine V released from K.P.
Sir, I think the answer to that is contained on page 7 of my meet the first transcript.
I did not answer the second part of your question about the Sunday K.P. incident.
There's a number of them in our file we collect.
That was the weekend before the deadline.
I'm filing the overseas information program report with Shine V.
That was the Sunday and there have been an agreement in advance that he could use that day to work on this report.
So every night on that agreement, and that was the only purpose of the communication with the Army.
Yes sir, the only discussion I ever had as far as I recall it was with anybody in the Army about Shine and K.P.
was about that one day January 10th, I believe, a lot, in which I spoke with Lieutenant's Lounge and tried to get Mr. Adam
made the statement that they put him on K.P. every night in a week we didn't care about it.
But good answer is they live up to the arrangements they had made making him available to work on these reports on Sunday.
But Lieutenant's Lounge is the page to the General General Lyon.
Yes sir.
It's very clear that he had been assigned for that Sunday, that weekend, to K.P.
And Lieutenant's Lounge has testified under oath that you did make such a request.
Now that's my understanding of the letter.
That you made a request that it be released from K.P. now in fact, the statement of Lieutenant's Lounge made before this committee.
Who or is it Paul?
The discussion required if I was telling it to find it and such, and that's your answer, yes.
This statement is true.
Now let me refer to that in connection with the testimony of Lieutenant Blow
during out of the so-called Colonel Winger incident.
He will return to page forty-three, seventy-nine of your testimony.
Yes sir.
You'll find that you said as well, starting about the middle of page, Mr. Colm.
This is a response for a question by Mr. Jenkins.
The question by Mr. Jenkins is as well.
Are you saying that Colonel Winger was talking peculiarly about the investigation of conningous Mr. Colm?
Mr. Colm, I'm saying that Colonel Winger had made a statement concerning the work of this committee,
which has been told to private shine by somebody who, and then Mr. Jenkins, well, what was that statement of Mr. Colm?
Mr. Colm, the statement was said that we were indeed in a witch hunt, and that investigations like this were read here, things along those lines.
Mr. Jenkins, and that statement was conveyed to you by Mr. David Schum.
Mr. Colm, it was Mr. Jenkins.
And do you say it was for that reason you said that the name of Colonel Winger would long, would long linger in your memory, the transcripts that I said would long linger in your memory.
Mr. Colm, I might have said I was going to remember the name, yes sir.
Now, turning to page three, five, always volume twenty.
Lieutenant Blanc has stated in foreign testimony that on the afternoon of January 9, 1954, he talked to you by telephone.
And then Mr. Tristan.